This matter...
Although the station's reporters handled it,
the director said
the impact was too great
The two of us can’t
host the same show anymore
So you’re sacrificing me
for your own benefit
Man Man
Didn’t I already tell you?
I want to divorce Ye Ci
We’ll be together openly
By then,
what’s mine will all be yours
So you really want to marry me?
Just play along for now
I can’t afford to lose this job
Of course,
you’ve done so much for me
I’ll definitely take responsibility
Then go sign the divorce with Ye Ci tomorrow
Okay
Director Wen
No need to have
Ye Qi follow me anymore
I can protect myself
Did he cause you trouble?
Anyway, he got hurt today
because of me
I’m worried
Let him stay with you
Since his sister passed away,
he’s never cared about anyone like this
Ye Ci
Come over here a moment
Look at this kid, such a temper
I’m heading out
What do you want?
I can’t button this with one hand
There are so many people at home,
why must you call me?
There are plenty of people at home
I got injured because of your sister
All buttoned up
I’m going now